{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Basic plan\
\
I plan to have a nice home page with a quick description of what role crows will play in the ecosystem and how they have played a prominent role in human society back to ancient religious beliefs to now. The home page will link to some of the subpages that will hopefully answer the questions.\
\
Intro paragraph for home page\
\
Crows know for their prominent role in gothic horror and bad luck within the practice of astrology. The Crow is a bird in the corvid family. They are characterised by long black feathers and a particularly loud harsh caw. What do they do for us here in the world? They are a natural part of the food chain. They also are useful when it comes to helping keep the world clean, from trash eating to carcasses they keep the environment clean and moving forward. \
\
Questions that I expect to answer \
\
The questions I plan to get from visitors will be a mix of three kinds of questions. First I image I will get a lot of questions about the need for crows in general. Many people view them as a nuisance That needs to be eliminated from the local wildlife. Those questions will go very well with questions of the role the crow plays in the environment and how we as humans will continue to benefit from sparing them. \
\
I expect the last kind of questions that I will be receiving from the visitors of the website will be people looking into what role the Crow has played in a religious and mythical standpoint in the world. I plan on having a portion of the website dedicated to this kind of history. \
\
The main reason\
\
The main reason people will come to the website is to be educated about crows. They are regarded as such a mysterious bird, that I think people will want to learn more about them, eventually after learning more about the crow people will want to donate to the cause to protect them from senseless killings of the species.}